Update serialization docs (#153631)
pytorch/pytorch: docs/source/notes/serialization.rst

    such, their storages are not serialized. In these cases ``data/`` might not exist
    in the checkpoint.

.. _layout-control:

Layout Control
--------------

The ``mmap`` argument in :func:`torch.load` allows for lazy loading of tensor storages.

In addition, there are some advanced features that allow for more fine-grained
control and manipulation of a ``torch.save`` checkpoint.

The :class:`~torch.serialization.skip_data` context manager enables
  * Saving a checkpoint with ``torch.save`` that includes empty space for data bytes
    to be written later.
  * Loading a checkpoint with ``torch.load`` and filling in the data bytes of tensors later.

To access tensor metadata in a ``torch.save`` checkpoint without loading storage data,

> use ``torch.load`` within the ``FakeTensorMode`` context manager. This additionally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use ``torch.load`` within the ``FakeTensorMode`` context manager. On top of skipping loading data similar to skip_data above, it additionally
```
